doc(app-security): how to use the admin ui (AEROGEAR-8900) (#673)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/app-security/using-the-admin-ui.adoc

= Accessing the console

> In order to view the {app-security-service} Admin console open the URL in a browser. The URL can be retrieved from the OpenShift console. 

Author: `The URL can be retrieved from the OpenShift console.` needs to go, suggestions welcome

Reviewer: after binding, you can nav from the mobile client (or whatever it's called these days)?

Author: I've modified this @finp & switched from using `console` to `dashboard` to be more consistent with the other mobile services.

Reviewer: @damienomurchu  not sure if we're very consistent, ping me to discuss

> The {app-security-service} Admin console is viewed by opening the console URL in a browser. This URL is seen in the list of available dashboards after the {app-security-service} Service has been provisioned.

Author: @davidffrench could you let me know if this text is suitable

Reviewer 2: This looks good to me @damienomurchu . Unless it is called out specifically in other parts of the documentation, I would extend this slightly to say `available services in MDC after`

Author: :+1:

> = Console overview

Reviewer 3: I think this overview should mention the most important thing about this application - the fact that the user can update the disabled status and disabled message for each app.

> The {app-security-service} Console allows you to monitor your applications and the versions of those applications.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The {app-security-service} Console allows you to monitor applications and their respective versions.
```

Saying "allows you to monitor **your** applications" might lead a user to believe that this is for monitoring their own installed apps.

Opening the console presents the applications view. Clicking on an application opens a details view for that application.

> Below is a detailed description of each of these views and the data you can expect each to contain.

Reviewer 3: Below is a detailed description of each of these views and the information you can expect each to contain.

= Applications view

The applications view lists details for your applications:

* *App Name*: The name of the application
* *App ID*: The fully qualified and unique name of the application
* *Deployed Versions*: Total number of currently deployed versions.
* *Current Installs*: Total number of current installed versions of the application.
* *Launches*: Total number of application launches.

Clicking on an application opens an application details view with more detailed information.

= Application details view

> This view lists detailed information for the versions of that application:

Author: @finp what is your input here? (I'm happy to be guided by convention)

* *App Version*: The name of the application.
* *Current Installs*: Total number of currently installed versions.
* *Launches*: Total number of launches of this version of the application.
* *Last launched*: The last time this application version was launched.
* *Disable on Startup*: Whether this application version is disabled on startup.
* *Custom Disable Message*: A custom message that can be included to note the reason this application version has been disabled.

A breadcrumb link at the top of the view links back to the previous screen.

> == _Enabling/ Disabling an application version_

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Enabling/ Disabling an application version
```

I don't see italics used in other parts of the docs (see **Setting Up the App Security Service**).

Author: Yes, their purpose is to distinguish the sub-sections more clearly. What are your thoughts @finp - should we drop the use of italics here?

To enable/ disable one or more versions of the application:

* toggle the checkbox for that version in the *Disable on Startup* column. 
* confirm these changes by clicking the *Save* button to persist these changes. 

Navigating away from this screen with unsaved changes prompts you to save or discard these changes.

To disable all versions of an application:

> * click the *Disable App* button

Reviewer 3: Missing full stop.

> == _Adding/ updating a custom disabled message_

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Adding/ updating a custom disabled message
```

I don't see italics used in other parts of the docs (see **Setting Up the App Security Service**).

To add or update a custom message for the version(s) of an application:

> * enter the message in the text field for that version under the *Custom Disable Message* column.

Reviewer 3: This should be converted from an unordered list to a numbered list. It is a sequence of steps that must be followed in the correct order for the action to be successful.

= Accessing the console

> The {app-security-service} Console is viewed by opening the console URL in a browser. This URL is seen in the list of available services in the Mobile Developer Console (MDC) after the {app-security-service} Service has been provisioned.

Reviewer: very passive, what are the steps i need to perform as user

= Console overview

The {app-security-service} Console allows you to monitor applications, their respective versions, and disable versions of those applications.

> Opening the console presents the applications view. Clicking on an application opens a details view for that application.

Reviewer: The console lists all the applications <condition?.
Click on the name of an application to view the details for that application.

Below is a detailed description of each of these views and the information you can expect each to contain.

> = Applications view

Reviewer: not sure if this whole sections adds any info that isn't obvious to user

Author: @finp I've removed this whole section now :+1:

The applications view lists details for your applications:

* *App Name*: The name of the application.
* *App ID*: The fully qualified and unique name of the application.
* *Deployed Versions*: Total number of currently deployed versions.
* *Current Installs*: Total number of current installed versions of the application.
* *Launches*: Total number of application launches.

Clicking on an application in the table opens a view with further information and the ability to disable versions of the application.

= Application details view

This view provides statistics and information about each deployed version of an application:

> * *App Version*: The name of the application.

Reviewer: what?

Author: corrected now

> * *Current Installs*: Total number of currently installed versions.

Reviewer: dunno what that means

Author: expanded upon now

> * *Launches*: Total number of launches of this version of the application.

Reviewer: this version, maybe the first field is mislabelled?

* *Last launched*: The last time this application version was launched.
* *Disable on Startup*: Whether this application version is disabled on startup.

> * *Custom Disable Message*: A custom message that can be included to note the reason this application version has been disabled.

Reviewer: might not be used for this purpose, eg could say to upgrade.
*Custom Disable Message*: A custom message that is displayed when this version of the mobile app is disabled.

> A breadcrumb at the top of the view navigates back to the previous screen.

Reviewer: delete

> == _Enabling/Disabling an application version_

Reviewer: no slashes and no formatting in headings

either 'Enabling and Disabling ...'
or
Enabling ...

and add note to say 'use same procedure for disabling'

Author: Updated the title @finp as suggested. Not sure if your point also refers to the paragraph text after the title, but have left that the same. If there's any changes needed there can you suggest

To enable/disable one or more versions of the application:

. toggle the checkbox for that version in the *Disable on Startup* column. 
. confirm these changes by clicking the *Save* button to persist these changes. 

Navigating away from this screen with unsaved changes prompts you to save or discard these changes.

To disable all versions of an application:

* click the *Disable App* button.

> == _Adding/updating a custom disabled message_

Reviewer: slashes and formatting
